You must prepare your project reports using the shared template in Word format. Note that the template is for styling. You should prepare the technical content based on your project. Besides the technical content of your project, you should add the following sections to your reports.

Standards: You should add a section titled Standards. In this section, you must briefly examine the relevance and compliance of your project with the standards used in Electrical and Electronics Engineering applications.
Sustainable Development: You should add a section titled Sustainable Development. In this section, you must briefly state the goal and targets that your project is related to and contributes to within the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (UN Sustainable Development Goals: https://sdgs.un.org/goals). For example, you can state that your project contributes to the goal of Goal 7: Ensure Access to Affordable, Reliable, Sustainable, and Modern Energy for All and its target '7.3 By 2030, double the global rate of improvement in energy efficiency' and explain how your project relates to these in a few sentences. Your project may be related to more than one of these goals and targets.
Impacts: You should add a section titled Impacts. In this section, you should briefly discuss the impacts of your projects on a) Environment and b) Health. In addition, you should briefly discuss c) Legal consequences of your engineering solutions provided in your project. Each of these 3 topics should be discussed in a separate subsection under this section.
Constraints, Conditions, and Requirements. You should discuss what certain constraints, conditions, and requirements you have taken into account in your engineering design in a separate section. You can include this part under one of the sections you have already written to discuss your engineering problem and solution.
Simulations and Test Plans: You should clearly state your simulation setup, test environment and plans in a separate section. Discuss how you have evaluated the performance of your product, collected data, conducted simulations, etc.